that trusted baby trust me baby
chocolate Oh
so we've driven a Tesla before and we
loved it so much that today we're going
to go out and use self-driving feature
and just ten things you're not supposed
to do oh my god truck right there
passing the truck the right lane men
objection
that's okay hocus-pocus
you can help about the scaring in my
face I'm already nervous yeah here we go
here we go here we go here we go what
ah
[Music]
they like earth into here for services
I'm just going to sit like gripping to
the seat for the next couple hours
Sekou
that's pretty cool now Joey
[Music]
whether they come
can't stood up
[Music]
Oh
exactly what do I come you dude yo can I
get a little bit well I want to know
what the beauty
are really really pushing it right now
with the with the self-driving feature
but it's performing well oh my god look
at the roads I could plane that you're
gonna do a mic
[Music]
look again
they should hang with a shovel
[Music]
that's me with the couple baking a cake
baby baby all right okay
really pushing it this is amazing
yeah yeah Thank You bike I can't go too
far did the bacon is just on point
there's the oven and Tesla steer oh my
gosh he's open yelling screaming little
bike boys okay all right ready
don't know it let's let's let's do this
right into the same recovering then all
right let's do that
whoa I can tell this is Magic you know
right let's do this yeah one turn me one
[Music]
all right go